docs: usage analytics updates (#74386)
metabase/metabase: docs/configuring-metabase/settings.md

This email address will be displayed in various messages throughout Metabase when users encounter a scenario where they need assistance from an admin, such as a password reset request.

## Usage tracking

### Send anonymous tracking data to Metabase

On self-hosted Metabases, this option determines whether or not you allow [anonymous data about your usage of Metabase](../installation-and-operation/information-collection.md) to be sent back to us to help us improve the product. [Your database’s data is never tracked or sent](https://www.metabase.com/security).

### Collect user data to display in usage analytics

{% include plans-blockquote.html feature="Collecting user data" %}

> You can switch on logging of IP addresses, user agents, embed path, query parameters, and Metabot conversation metadata for users of your internal data and embeds. If enabled, this information will be shown in your [usage analytics](../usage-and-performance-tools/usage-analytics.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can switch on logging of IP addresses, user agents, embed path, query parameters, and Metabot conversation metadata for people using your Metabase, both for people directly by logging into Metabase, or for people who view an embedded Metabase component in your app. If enabled, you can find this information in your [usage analytics](../usage-and-performance-tools/usage-analytics.md).
```
Does this edit clarify what's happening?
